- [chomps]
DELINQUENT A: Ow, okay, we get
it!
DELINQUENT B: Hey, knock it off!
You're gonna break his arm,
you freak!
We're not gonna pick on
his dog again!
You have my word!
[dog whimpers]
That little brat nearly gnawed
my damn arm off!
- C'mon, let's get out of here.
- [DELINQUENT A grunts]
- Oh, Akira!
Thank you!
[giggles]
[dog whimpers]
[cicadas chirping]
- [inhales sharply]
Evildoers are
no match for me!
Super hero of justice!
You just leave it to
Akiranger! [laughs]
[cackles]
[both laughing]
[snickers]
[groans]
- [snoring]
- [AKIRA grunts]
[exhales]
- [KENCHO snores]
[zombies groaning]
Ah, it looks pretty bad
out there, Akira.
All of Japan's like this.
If the city has gotten this bad,
uh...
Who knows what the rest
of the country
looks like right now?
[distant booming]
Whoa, that self
defense force managed
to secure Hokkaido!
And some villages sealed
themselves off!
Isn't that great?
[gunfire]
- That means my family
might still be safe!
They're over in Gunma,
a.k.a. Kanto's best kept secret.
[amusing music]
♪♪ ♪♪
AKIRA: So, what made you decide
to go blonde?
KENCHO: Ah, seein' as how you're
doin' what you always wanted,
I figured I needed
to do the same!
It's my way of sayin' I'm done
with the grind!
Heh, besides,
if I'm gonna become a comic,
heh, this is sure
to make an impact.
- Oh.
[wind blowing]
AKIRA: Hey, Kencho.
- Huh?
AKIRA: Don't laugh.
But I'm really considering
becoming a superhero.
I said I'm considering becoming
a superhero--
KENCHO: Uh, no,
I heard you.
When you say superhero,
do you mean like Spider-Man?
- Yep.
AKIRA: This morning
I remembered something
from when I was a kid.
I loved heroes.
That's it!
Mm, get them!
To fight danger and save
those in need while wearing
a kick ass costume not
for a reward
but because it is just!
That was the kindof superhero
I dreamed of being!
Come on!
You only live once, am I right?
I can be a hero of justice
who saves people from zombies!
Can we do it?
Can we do it, Kencho?
Huh, huh?
- Hey, whatever you want, man.
But it's not like you can fly
or shoot webs.
[chuckles cautiously]
- You're right!
AKIRA: That's why I've been
doing research
on ways to fight zombies!
And how I discovered this thing!
- Mm.
[grunts]
Oh!
KENCHO: So that's it.
Now I get it!
- Well then,
what are we waiting for?
'Cause it's hero time.
[snickers]
KENCHO: Wait, what?
R--Right now?
Aww, come on!
At least let me
finish eating first!
[KANA-BOON's "Song of the Dead"]
- Takes me back to childhood.
- I know.
KENCHO: Ah, the aquarium
was the best, huh?
Sheesh.
It looks pretty
roughed up.
Ew.
I'd be pissing myself if this
was still day one
of the outbreak.
- Isn't this exciting?
We're about to explore
the back rooms of the aquarium!
KENCHO: I know what you mean!
It's like that feeling you get
when you're doing somethin'
you shouldn't be.
AKIRA: Is it in here?
Hmm.
[locker door creaks]
[both gasp]
- That the one?
- Yeah!
AKIRA: Now, then,
as of this moment,
I am a superhero.
[zombies groaning]
- It's no use!
We've been surrounded!
DRIVER: All we can do is hope
the zombies nearby disperse!
- You're kidding!
- [whimpering]
I don't wanna die!
[whimpering]
- [gasping]
- [gasps]
Are you okay over there?
- [groans]
- [gasps]
[PASSENGER G screams]
[all gasping]
- [groaning]
- [shuddering]
[screams]
[all shouting]
- [groaning]
- Help!
Somebody help!
[KUMIKO breathing heavily]
I don't wanna die!
[breathing heavily]
In there!
If I can make it in there,
I'll be safe!
[groaning]
[zombies grunting]
- [gasping]
[zombie grunting]
KUMIKO: Oh, no!
I can't move!
I don't wanna die!
[AKIRA grunts]
[zombies groaning]
AKIRA: Are you all right, miss?
- Huh?
AKIRA: Get going while
you still can.
It's the end of the line,
zombies!
The hero, Akiranger,
is here!
- [stammering]
AKIRA: Kencho, how was that?
- Well, uh, you could say
you got the look down.
That's for sure, man.
- KENCHO: A shark suit?
- AKIRA: Yeah!
Their suit's
specifically designed
to protect your body
from any kind of shark bite!
I bet they'd use them
to clean the shark tanks here
in the aquarium!
It's made up
of a mesh consisting
of super strong titanium
and steel fibers
that act like chain mail!
Even great whites
can't bite through it!
- Oh, I see.
AKIRA: So as long
as I wear this suit,
I'm invulnerable
to zombie bites!
With this,
I'm an invincible superhero!
- Invincible, huh?
[AKIRA laughing]
Right, there's more people
in need of help.
This way!
You'll be safe inside
the aquarium!
- [gasps]
- AKIRA: Huh?
It's her!
Miss Risk Analyst!
- [breathing heavily]
- [AKIRA gasps]
To think I'd run into her again,
and so soon.
This has to be
fate, right?
[SHIZUKA
breathing heavily]
Is he cosplaying?
- Akira!
- AKIRA: Huh?
[zombie growling]
- [AKIRA grunts]
AKIRA: Now's my chance
to show off!
Time for her to see just
how cool and awesome
I really am--
That hurts!
[zombies snarling]
- Keep it movin'.
This way.
[AKIRA shouting]
- Oh, I get it now.
It's puncture proof
and yet that doesn't mean
it eliminates the force
from all of their biting.
AKIRA: It hurts!
Save me, Kencho!
- Nope!
Good luck!
I'd love to come help ya out,
but you're the only one in
a suit,
so you're on your own this time,
Akiranger!
Bye.
AKIRA: No!
No way!
Kencho!
AKIRA: Ow, ow, ow!
Get off of me!
[zombie groaning]
AKIRA: That was a handful.
But at least we're safe now.
That look.
She definitely wasn't impressed.
[inhales sharply]
Man, being a superhero sure
is hard work.
[rain pattering]
[indistinct chatter]
- Thank goodness!
I thought I was gone for sure!
KENCHO: We should be safe
for now.
AKIRA: Kencho.
- Mm?
KENCHO: Hey! Well done, hero!
- You're
the worst sidekick ever.
[KENCHO laughing]
Ah, don't be like that.
After all, ya ended up savin'
the day!
- [exhales]
[gasps]
[exhales]
- Hmm?
What?
Is that girl a friend of yours?
- No, it's just that she
and I met once before.
That's all.
- Hmm.
Go talk to her, hero.
- Huh?
- [gasping]
[footsteps approaching]
- [groaning]
Hey, what a coincidence,
running into you again!
- Hmm?
[AKIRA gasps]
Oh, um, we met
at the convenience store!
Remember?
- [SHIZUKA] Oh, yeah.
That's right.
- That's right.
[groans]
Oh!
Well, anyway, my name
is Akira Tendo.
Since we keep running
into each other,
I thought maybe we
could exchange--
- You said your name
was Akira, right?
- [gasps]
- Not that it's my business,
Akira, but in what way
do you benefit
from saving random people
like this?
- Huh?
Then, uh--
- And what's the deal
with that get-up you're wearing?
What is it psychologists
call it?
Oh, right.
Identification.
An inferiority complex fueled by
a low self esteem.
One of the common
defense mechanisms
is imitating heroes.
Or in other words,
it causes men who
are typically unvalued
by society and lack
self-worth to develop a strong
desire
to become a hero.
AKIRA: That's
a little harsh.
- Hey, you better show
some respect!
He saved you!
If not for him,
you'd be dead right--
- I understand he managed
to save a couple
of complete strangers
from getting eaten alive
by zombies.
I don't intend to deny
the fact that he was able
to save a few people's lives,
but...
- [gasps]
- SHIZUKA: Did you even consider
the danger
you might have caused
to those truly important
to you when you leapt
into action like that?
Was endangering their lives
really worth bolstering
your low self esteem?
[AKIRA gasps]
SHIZUKA: Additionally,
hero isn't a title
that you can claim for yourself.
What one person
considers justice,
another might see as evil.
- AKIRA: What?
SHIZUKA: As you're operating...
- KENCHO: What?
BOTH: She's not even
remotely thankful
and just wants to argue!
KENCHO: What the hell
is your problem, lady?
AKIRA: In a way,
she's right.
If I continue
being a hero,
it's sure to eventually put
Kencho's life in danger.
What does it mean to be a hero?
And do I have what it takes?
- SHIZUKA: Anyway,
If you're still unable
to properly analyze risk,
then you'll just end up lowering
my survivability,
so I'm afraid I'm declining
your request again
to exchange numbers.
[rumbling]
[all gasping]
- What was that noise?
- Huh?
- Let's go check it out!
- Kencho!
[both grunting]
- Seriously?
[exhales]
Ah, dammit!
- [exhales]
SHIZUKA: What I should
be doing now is...
[both breathing heavily]
- What's happening?
The water's flooding!
- Hey, Akira.
Over there.
- [gasps]
[footsteps splashing]
[groans]
- Huh?
[growls]
both: Huh?
- It's a--a shark?
- Yeah.
KENCHO: But it has legs.
AKIRA: Huh.
You're right.
So wait, then.
Uh, what is it?
[roaring]
[both screaming]
[all gasping]
- SURVIVOR B: What the--
- SURVIVOR C: You hear that?
[all screaming]
- Make a run for it!
- [gasps]
KENCHO: Shark attack!
- [screams]
AKIRA: What do I do?
What do I do?
What would a hero do right now?
A hero would...
Huh?
Time for a tactical
retreat, right?
- What the hell is that?
- Lamniformes Lamnidae,
or great white shark.
KENCHO: Gee, thanks, smart ass!
But why is it walking
on human legs?
SHIZUKA: The divers it ate must
have turned into zombies
and are moving it.
- KENCHO: Oh, give me a break!
How does that make any sense?
SHIZUKA: How am I supposed
to know?
[breathing heavily]
- Hey, what gives?
KENCHO: Why aren't
you running anymo...
Zombies?
They're in here, too?
Then we gotta keep movin'!
- There's an emergency
exit over--
[rumbling]
[all grunting]
[all groaning]
[roaring]
[all screaming]
- Seriously?
SHIZUKA: This way!
Door over there!
[roars]
- Everyone, this way!
KENCHO: Hurry!
- I don't wanna die!
I don't wanna die!
- [gasps]
Hey! Let go!
You've gotta calm down!
- I can't take it anymore!
[both screaming]
- KENCHO: Hurry, hurry!
[AKIRA grunts]
[all gasping]
[footsteps pounding]
- [exhales sharply]
That was too close
for comfort.
- [gasps]
Uh, hold up.
Where's Miss Risk Analyst?
- [gasping]
It wasn't my fault.
It really wasn't my fault.
- [gasps]
Ah, no way!
Is she still out there?
- [gasps]
[grunts]
We gotta go get her!
Ah, dammit!
It's jammed shut!
Akira, help me ope...
Akira?
Where'd he go?
- This is what I get
for working with others
in a large group.
SHIZUKA: Panic spreads
like wildfire in larger groups.
I should have seen that coming.
[shark snarls]
[vent clangs]
[AKIRA shouts]
I'm coming!
Whoa!
[grunts]
Why, you--
quit fooling around!
[yelling]
[groans]
[SHIZUKA gasps]
Akira?
But why?
Why would you endanger
yourself? - AKIRA: Isn't it
obvious?
I'm doing this
so I can save you!
- Huh?
What in the world
is wrong with you?
Why risk your life for me?
AKIRA: You don't need a
reason for everything!
[SHIZUKA gasps]
AKIRA: When you're hungry,
you eat.
When you see a cute girl,
you try to get to know her!
It's as simple as that!
And when I see someone who's
in need of help,
I want to be a hero!
Does there need to be a reason
for everything we do?
- [gasping]
SHIZUKA: Even so,
if you die,
it all means nothing.
I don't understand.
Why are you so determinedto
do what you set your mind
to?
[exhales]
[grunts]
What's your plan?
AKIRA: Uh, don't have one.
SHIZUKA: I figured.
- [AKIRA stammers]
[roaring]
[both gasping]
- Come on!
AKIRA: Right!
This is bad.
I charged in head first
without thinking!
What do we do?
- SHIZUKA: Akira!
- AKIRA: Huh?
- [breathing heavily]
I think I might have a plan!
AKIRA: Huh?
SHIZUKA: It's a ridiculous idea,
so there's no guarantee
it'll work.
You wanna risk it?
AKIRA: Sure!
KENCHO: Wait a minute.
What are those two--
I have to do something!
I need to--
[shark roars]
[gasps]
[roaring]
[Kencho gasping]
Dammit!
I...
[both gasping]
SHIZUKA: Just as I thought!
It's not here!
Are you ready?
- AKIRA: Yeah!
I just gotta
buy some time!
Bring it on!
[grunts]
[roaring]
[breathing heavily]
[roars]
[AKIRA breathing heavily]
Whoa!
That was close.
The Ampullae of Lorenzini?
SHIZUKA: Yeah.
Great white sharks are capable
of detecting electrical charges
as small
as a millionth
of a volt in their head.
They use this ability
to capture smaller fish based
on the electrical field
their muscles are able
to generate.
A jolt of current
to that sensitive organ
from direct contact with
a human's muscles
should confuse them long enough
to take it out.
AKIRA: So if we can deliver
an attack there--
SHIZUKA: Yes,but it's
still a bit unreliable.
I'd prefer to have something
that can deliver
a stronger current.
Ah, yes.
[AKIRA groaning]
[groaning]
I still need to buy us
some more time.
[snarling]
AKIRA: Dammit,
I can't move.
KENCHO: Hey!
Look over here!
What do you think, huh?
This ass look tasty or what?
Come and grab a bite
if you can, big boy!
[groans]
Kencho.
[KENCHO shouts]
Hey!
[panicked shouting]
Don't do it!
Wait! No!
It was just a joke!
AKIRA: What does it take
to be a hero?
- [breathing heavily]
AKIRA: What does it mean
to be a hero?
A hero is...
- [breathing heavily]
- [scoffs]
Akira, catch!
[AKIRA gasps]
Target the Ampullae
of Lorenzini!
SHIZUKA: Discharging a
batteryon it should amplify the
effect.
But the question is,
will it work on
a zombified shark?
There's no
guarantee, but--
[AKIRA grunts]
We'll never find out
if we don't try!
Crackle Thunder Punch!
[screaming]
[booming]
[breathing heavily]
How was that,
Risk Analyst?
Kencho?
- [grunts]
Nailed it!
That was somethin' straight out
of a comic book!
- [breathing heavily]
Not that it's my business
or anything,
but you have terrible taste
for attack names.
- You don't wanna say bye
to your new fans?
You saved them
as a real life superhero.
- A real hero doesn't
need rewards
for his deeds of justice.
- Fair enough.
What about you?
You don't wanna go with them?
- I was only with them because
we were all sharing
a bus to the harbor.
Besides, I'm done working
with big groups like that.
- Oh, really?
But you and Akira made such
a great team.
- Uh--
- Hmm?
- So, what do you say?
Do y--
- Not a chance.
- AKIRA: Yeah, I figured not!
- You idiot.
Why are you pulling out
right now?
KENCHO: Listen, your best shot
comes after
you've been rejected.
It's like doin' business,
you know?
AKIRA: But I've never
done business.
KENCHO: Come on.
You know what I mean.
Oh, what's the matter?
- Did you forget
something?
SHIZUKA: My top priority
as of now
is to avoid becoming a zombie
at all costs.
You two,
on the other hand,
are more concerned about
doing things before
you eventually become zombies.
Our priorities are incompatible.
- [gasps]
- Not to mention,
despite all the warnings
I gave you,
you still put one
of your friends in danger all
in order to save someone
you don't know anything about.
- Uh--
[groans]
- [chuckles]
- I have one life
and I'm not gonna throw
it away to work with--
- AKIRA: You're wrong.
You're now someone I
consider to be very precious to
me.
I'd save you even if
I wasn't trying to be a hero.
- [gasps]
[grunts]
[exhales]
[Shiyui's
"Happiness of the Dead"]
- [grunts]
Hey, uh, did you hear me?
AKIRA: Uh, did I say
something wrong?
[engine revving]
AKIRA: So, where you headed now?
SHIZUKA: Let's see.
Wherever, really,
provided the place
is equal parts sustainable
and safe enough,
but who knows if a safe
place even exists out there?
Oh, that's right.
BOTH: Hmm?
SHIZUKA: Here.
Feel free to add me,
if you want.
[both groaning]
- [chuckles]
SHIZUKA: Seeing
as we'll most likely
never meet again...
I guess it couldn't hurt
to share my contact info.
It's not like
I'm risking anything.
AKIRA: Shizuka Mikazuki.
I hope I see her again.
KENCHO: So, what
is it you wanna do next?
AKIRA: Let's see.
It's been seven years since
I moved here.
I met Kencho in college,
worked for
an exploitative company,
and fell in love with
the glitz and glamour
of the big city, but...
[scoffs]
You know,
I've had my fill of Tokyo.
I wanna visit my parents
and show them that
I'm doing okay.
- Sounds good.
Let's go.
- You bet!
To Kanto's best
kept secret, Gunma!
[upbeat music]